Hey! My name is shivam sharma,well this is my first time experience with git .I am finding it quite interesting.Infact, I am doing it keeping my favourite praticse i.e. cp away.THe thing that help me in loving this platform is simply the use of command line interface. I have started loving writing the commands on LINUX based operating systems. The most fascinating thing that i found on CLI was that when your result appears on the blank screen after few seconds in the form of combinations of words. Seriuously, i love this platform. And, the single reason of this is the love to write commands.
Anyways, the CLI is used for developments things, where a large community works. The operating of github through commmand based OS proved so. I firstly revised the commands to be used on LINUX, then i headed towards learning GIT on LINUX. To do so,m i firstly had to install git bash which is the command line interface for windows user.If someone is already using LINUx based OS, then he/she does not need to install this entity.Moving ahead, keeping web development like things in mind, I installed an editor named "atom" which is quite spacious, and looks like sublime text 3 to very much extent. Well, i would prefer to use sublime since i dont wanna any other application to occupymy lappy's RAM since i am already having sublime.
HAHHHHH!!! I, then learnt commands to add, commit, making remote server providing URL of a repository from your github account, pushing the added files(uploading the file on github server) and pulling the files too(downloading the same file at the reciever end).Actually, the most interesting thing which I got was the use of "git status" and "git dif" command where the earlier facilitates me to see the status of files( whether they have been committed or not) and the later helps me to see the changes done in the previously uplaoded file and again uploaded the file(after change).


well,, this is getting too long.I loved the github learning at the end.CHEERSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!  

"CHAL BC"